I know people making $50,000 a month
from AI. None of them built a
traditional tech startup. They found
gaps nobody else is filling yet, and I'm
going to share three with you today.
Now, you have to understand companies
are adopting AI tools at record speed,
but they don't know how to use them, and
that gap is the opportunity. I call it
the deployment gap. When technology
improves faster than humans know how to
use it, the people who bridge this gap
get paid. Now, I sold my AI company for
millions of dollars at age 30, and now I
teach millions of people AI for free.
But, first hit like, hit subscribe, and
hit the notification bell so you never
miss a training. So, let's dive in. Here
are three ideas to turn that deployment
gap into a one-person revenue-generating
business. So, number one is Microsoft
Copilot training. I am sure that many of
you thought I was going to say Claude,
and it's true Claude is super hot right
now. I'm actually going to talk about it
in number two, but number one is very,
very underserved, and let me explain
why. In a recent study, Microsoft shared
that they have over 20 million paid
Copilot seats. Nearly 70% of Fortune 500
companies are stuck using Copilot
whether they want to or not. However,
the amount of people who are actually
productive with Copilot, according to a
recent study, was around 7 million out
of 20. So, this gap is the opportunity.
So, we have 20 million plus people
paying for Microsoft Copilot, but only 7
million people supposedly using it, and
they're honestly probably using just 10%
of the functionality, and they don't
know about the rest of the
functionality. So, now I'm going to show
you some examples of real companies like
charging money for Copilot training. So,
here's one just randomly found. I have
no affiliation with this company
whatsoever, but their standard rate for
Copilot training is $15,000 for a
workshop in a day. Supposedly, 430
million commercial Copilot seats sold
worldwide. 67% of security teams have AI
data concerns, only 35-36%
actually using Copilot regularly.
There's lots of companies like this, but
not as many as you'd think given the
many many many millions of people stuck
using Copilot at their company. So, this
is very exactly how they structure their
pricing. It's $15,000 for a workshop for
a day. Here's another one. This is
actually listed on the official
Microsoft marketplace. They offer
Microsoft 365 Copilot workshop. So, this
is an 8-hour workshop that starts at
$5,000 for Copilot training. But,
anyway, I'm just giving real examples of
what people are charging for this kind
of thing. I personally don't see much
content or education about this online.
I get people DMing me all the time like,
"Oh, can this be used in Copilot?" Or,
"How do I use Copilot to do this?" Or,
like, "I'm stuck using Copilot. How do I
do all these things you just showed for
Claude? But, can I do like 5% of it in
Copilot? Like, please show me." So, I
think there's a huge opportunity here
just for Microsoft Copilot training. I
mean, the number of companies that are
stuck using Copilot and have a lot of
money is just a shockingly high number,
right? So, I feel it's personally a very
underserved market, and it's going it's
just continuing to be underserved cuz
everybody wants to learn Claude. But,
just because everybody wants to learn
Claude, like, that doesn't mean they
have access to Claude in a company
environment, guys.
Um so, like, you know, people could be
learning Claude on the side, on their
Macs, but in a company, you know, many
companies are stuck using Copilot, and
like, they're not going to be adopting
some of the shinier options. So, action
plan for you, if you are interested in
exploring this opportunity, especially
if you actually have Copilot experience.
So, on my YouTube channel, I just
dropped a 2-hour course with the amazing
Sheree Brockington. She has trained over
60,000 people how to use Copilot. This
is like the most awesome beginner
introduction to it. She really goes
through how to use the Copilot homepage,
how to use it in Excel, how to use it in
Word, how to use it in PowerPoint, etc.
So, I recommend just binge-watching
this. So, idea number two is a paid AI
community. Now, this business model is
proven, right? This is not like a new
startup we're building. We're taking
existing model of a community typically
offers like courses, weekly meeting/Q&A,
and then really awesome people. And best
part of a community is you get paid
recurring per month. So, you don't have
to fight for every dollar every single
month. So, we're taking all of this and
then we're adding AI to it. Now, you can
have a community that specifically
teaches AI or is centered around the
topic of AI, or you can have
about a non-AI topic and just use AI to
help you with the community, like help
you create content, help you moderate
the community, etc. Help you drive more
people into the community, test
different copyright changes, lead
magnets, etc. to get people into the
community. But, those are two distinct
models, right? You can actually like
teach AI with an AI-focused community,
or you can teach a non-AI focused
community and just use AI to help you
market the community, run the community,
etc. So, why are communities popping up
and what are the different topics that
we could actually talk about? So, let's
just take Anthropic Claude as an
example. The company Anthropic grew
their annualized revenue by 80x just in
Q1 2026. What we're going to see
naturally, because so many people are
switching to a new tool, you're going to
see supply versus demand at work. So,
because we have 80x the user base of
demand over here. So, all of these
people are going to be like, "Wait, how
do I use Claude? How do I use it within
a team? How do I use it within like an
enterprise? How do I use it in for this
use case, this use case over here, this
use case? I went on YouTube and I
searched stuff, but I couldn't find
anything for like the how to use Claude
for real estate, how to use Claude for
CFOs, how to use Claude for middle
managers, how to use Claude for HR, how
to use Claude for compliance, how do I
use Claude for my team of 300 people?
There is already massive demand for this
type of Claude content. There's not
enough people to actually fill it. Like,
the supply is missing. The niches I just
mentioned, uh they don't get much
attention at all. So, let's talk about
that. Like, what are the types of
communities that you could build? So, I
just think about it in terms of
segments. So, one potential segment is
demographic. So, an easy example of this
is I do have a free school community.
It's for women in AI. Like, literally
women. So, another segment could be
technical ability. So, is your community
going to be focused on beginners in
tech? Is it going to be focused on
people who don't know how to take a
screenshot on a computer? Is it focused
on developers? Like, this is a spectrum
from like non-tech over here to
technical over here. Where do you want
to sit on this spectrum? Skill.
I don't mean the same thing as technical
ability. I mean, you could have a
community oriented around learning a
specific skill. So, a skill could be
content creation. It could be generating
videos with Claude. Could be a specific
tool. Like, again, I'm seeing
communities pop up just focused on
teaching you Claude. It could be a
specific industry. Other segments. You
could have a school community focused on
specific income goals. Could have a
community focused on building startups
and products. So, different types of
vibe coding communities. Vibe coding
mobile apps. Vibe coding web apps. Vibe
coding consumer. Vibe coding for B2B,
vibe coding internal tools. Like they're
all different segments. Like you don't
have to choose like all of them
simultaneously. You could just have a
paid community teaching Claude. You
could just have a paid community focused
on teaching AI for one demographic.
There are many types of communities to
build. Like I wouldn't be surprised if
there are 50 Claude focused communities
by the end of the year just on school
because it's so hot right now. There's
still a big gap around vibe coding
communities in my opinion. Um there's a
few, but like there could be so much
more because so many people are now vibe
coding and confused about what to do.
There's really not many based on
demographic. There's not many based on
specific income goals. And there's
definitely like almost none based on
specific industries, right? Like very
specifically, how do we use AI for real
estate to make more money, close more
leads, do marketing for real estate,
etc. And then I will just wrap up with
one thing you can do right now to ask
Chat GPT or Claude. So, go to your
favorite AI tool and here's the prompt.
What AI education niche fits my skill?
And then we're going to append my
favorite question at the end. Ask me
clarifying questions just in case AI
doesn't know anything about you. So, go
if you're seriously interested in number
two, like literally type this into chat
or Claude right now and start the
process of just like brainstorming
different things you could do. So, two I
think is a lot more flexible. There's a
lot more optionality because you can
choose your set of segments to make it
unique, right? Whereas this one is a
little more confined, a little more
defined. Number three is a vibe coding
agency. Honestly, it's pretty much the
same as a software development agency of
the past, but you're heavily using vibe
coding tools and you're transparent
about it. Like clients know that you're
using vibe coding tools to deliver
faster and deliver higher quality. Talk
about the old way of doing things versus
the new way. So, with AI Vibe coding
tools, yes, they're far from perfect.
Yes, there security issues. Yes, you
should know what you're doing if you're
scaling to hundreds and thousands of
users. However, they're still really,
really useful in the early stage when
you have a brand new code base and
you're testing lots of different
hypotheses. So, in the old way of doing
things, you know, building an MVP could
take you 3 to 6 months realistically
anywhere from like 5 to 60,000 dollars.
And the sad part is you just get like
tired by the end or your priorities
change. So, let's say you have a
brilliant idea, you pour 10K in, you
find some freelancers to build it out,
it takes them 4 months. By the end of 4
months, it barely works.
Um you launch it to 10 people, they
don't like it, you realize, "Oh shoot,
we have to go back and like add these
things or fix these things." You're
tired, you've lost energy, and you kind
of just want to move on to the next
shiny object.
This was the old way of doing things and
that is what I've described I have seen
more times than I can count. And then
you're like sad cuz you just blew 10,000
dollars in 4 months. So, the new way of
doing things is basically to compress
this cycle from 3 to 6 months to let's
say 1 to 3 weeks depending on the
complexity of your MVP and also your
technical ability. The more technical
you are, the faster that you can build
these MVPs. Instead of 5 to 60K, the
cost to you as a person building it is
like let's say 1,000 dollars for all the
tools and credits. And instead of being
tired because you spent 4 months
building the first version, you still
have energy left to go bring this thing
to market, keep testing it, keep trying
to acquire users, get their feedback,
implement their feedback, and like keep
going. Um this is the new way of doing
things with Vibe coding, you can ship in
a few weeks what used to take months.
Okay, now you might wonder, "Well, how
could you make an agency out of this if
clients can just do this themselves,
right?"
Like you could say, "Oh, but can't
clients just Vibe code their own app?
Why Why would someone pay an agency to
do it?" You have to think about what
clients actually pay for. It's generally
not just the product. People like me,
I'm a business owner. I can make a
decision on a $100,000 purchase in like
10 minutes. Okay, if it's a $5,000
purchase, I can make that decision in 15
seconds. What am I paying for? What do I
care about? I care about speed, I care
about clarity, and I also care about
reliability in the sense that you're
going to get it done without breaking
stuff or risking my reputation or
risking my brand in some way. So, what
do I mean by this? Like speed, clarity,
reliability are like fancy guru terms.
Um
I just mean like if let's say you're an
existing business, not a big business,
just like small business, but you have
funding to try to build an MVP. Now, you
could try to build it yourself, so
that's one option, but you really don't
know anything about how to build the
product so that it works for other
people to use it and pay you. Right?
There's still like a bunch of steps
there that uh aren't explained very well
for vibe coders. You could hire a
freelancer to do it. Okay, so you might
search on Upwork or Fiverr for someone
to do it, or you could hire an agency to
do it. And what's the difference between
an agency and a freelancer? An agency
typically just has a bit more structure
around their offer and usually a team of
people. So, in a vibe coding agency, you
might have somebody just focused on,
let's say, UI/UX and prototyping. Okay,
then you might have somebody actually
building the things, building the back
end, making sure it's secure. And maybe
you also have a person that could help
with marketing the app initially, for
example, launching it on certain startup
directories, etc. These are generally
the three choices. Like you build it
yourself or someone on your team builds
it, you hire a freelancer to work with
you, or you hire an agency that's
supposed to have like a track record and
be more reliable. But for sure, there's
always a market for all three. If I was
non-technical, I didn't know anything
about vibe coding, but I had money and I
could make purchase decisions and I have
an idea that I want to test, but I don't
want to be the one building it.
Your pitch to me is we can deliver it
for you very quickly. You'll get clarity
on whether this idea is a yes or a no as
fast as possible so you don't waste your
time. It's like the worst thing is if I
wasted three months of my time on
something that wasn't going to work and
you get reliability and safety. We're
going to make sure your vibe coded app
doesn't accidentally leak all of your
customer data so that you're not liable
or at risk cuz you know that most
freelancers definitely won't be doing
that. And the thing is that you can you
can do this, you can pitch this. Like
I'm going to give you speed, I'm going
to give you clarity and I'm going to
give you reliability/safety
and you can take on more clients because
of the efficiency of vibe coding without
significantly reducing your prices. And
why? Like it's it's because like these
things I'm paying for are premium. Like
if I want these things, I know I'm going
to pay a premium. If this was maybe less
important to me, maybe I'd go with
number two. If I just didn't have any
budgets, like I'd probably just try to
do it myself. Okay? But there's a market
for all three of these options. There's
a market for all three of these pitches.
Yeah, so we talked about three ideas to
build an AI business from zero to 1
million. Obviously, it still takes hard
work to do this. There's no such thing
as an instant easy path, but I believe
all three of these ideas are highly
underserved today. Not many people are
really paying attention to these ideas
relative to how big the opportunity is.
So certainly there are paid AI
communities, but in my opinion, there's
not that many relative to the demand to
learn this topic. Okay, if you enjoyed
this video, hit like, hit subscribe and
hit the notification bell so you don't
miss my next training.